# Nail Salon API
This project is inspired by my family. They have been discussing the possibility of opening their own nail salon. I asked them if they would like a website for managing client appointments and what functionality they would like to have in that website. The conversation became the catalyst for this project, the purpose of which is to refresh my skills using Java and specifically the Spring framework. After the initial proof of concept, the api will be developed using Test Driven Development practices, along with code reviews from my wife and my brother-in-law, who are assisting with the design. 

The goal of this project is to act as a backend api for two or three UI projects which will be developed later. I plan to use the following technologies.

- Spring Boot for initializing and autowiring the project
- Spring Security for managing authentication and authorization to the api
- MySQL database for storing business data
- Spring MVC for managing routing
- Git for managing version control
- JaCoCo for test coverage 
- AWS for cloud deployment


## Tasks to Complete
- [x] Initialize Project
- [x] Create GitHub repository
- [x] Build Proof of Concept
- [x] Add testing
- [ ] Implement security
- [ ] Build controllers for the following 
    - [ ] Employees
    - [ ] Customers
    - [ ] Administrators
    - [ ] Booking
- [ ] Review finished code with Stakeholders (MIL and SIL)
- [ ] Deploy to AWS

## Notes about Design Decisions
- I have chosen to avoid using the Spring JPA library because I want to practice creating queries by hand. This forces me to pay more attention to how the api is talking to the database, rather than letting the queries be autogenerated.
- I am using H2 for an in-memory database for testing purposed. 